# Meeting Notes

Date:  July 26, 2017  
Time:  7:00pm - 9:00pm    
Location:  Clubhouse, Rm 415  
Attendees: 

## Agenda
1. Brief overview of multithreading from Abdel.  
    a. Determine a use case for our pipeline (device) for the competition which should be achievable by November. Some things to consider:    
      - How will the device be turned on/off?*  
      - What level of control will the user have over the ADS1299 (i.e. Access to  control registers)
      - (Add more for software):  
		- What kind of interactivity are we imagining for the grapher?  
		- What kind of prepocessing is required? FFT is a competition requirement  
		- For IoT, can data be sent off-board in realtime? If so, using what, Bluetooth, Wifi, etc.?   
2. Make detailed design outline (hardware and software) for the use case (if need be, this can be delayed to Sunday)

## Agenda Notes
1. Use case  
	a. Power on/off: This is something that will depend on hardware and potentially the PCB, so this is a decision we should make first
      - A major concern I have right now is chip protection: How are we going to make sure the user doesn’t write a program to access the GPIO pins connected to the ADS and mess up the chip? We should have a way to control when the ADS receives control signals from the Raspberry Pi. This can be done in software, but the safest way to do this will be in hardware (gate SPI and power inputs with some combinational logic gates).  
	  - Will we have the Raspberry Pi power the ADS (this will be subject to same concerns above), or will an external battery power the chip?  
	  - Note that using a microcontroller/Arduino will simplify everything above, since the firmware on the microcontroller can gate the chip from the Raspberry Pi.  

	b. Control: This is related to how configurable we want the board to be. From my understanding, the OpenBCI is a built with the purpose of development and learning, which is why its libraries and code are so transparent to the ADS1299’s control register and settings. If we’re just going to force the user to stick with our settings, it’s less code to write for the Rpi.

## Notes

## To-Do

## Next Meeting: Sunday Jul 30, 2017
